Add dedicated pages for lightning talks, open spaces (#99)
pyconau/2019.pycon-au.org: _pages/lightning-talks.md

permalink: /lightning-talks/
---

PyCon AU hosts two lightning talk sessions: One on [Saturday afternoon](https://2019.pycon-au.org/talks/saturday-lightning-talks), one on [Sunday afternoon](https://2019.pycon-au.org/talks/sunday-lightning-talks). 

### What are lightning talks?

You get the stage, your laptop and 5 minutes to give a talk. 

Your talk should be:

 * about anything! It doesn't have to be about Python!
 * interesting to the audience
 * at most 5 minutes. 

Your talk cannot be:
 
 * A vendor talk
 * A sales pitch
 * A job advertisement.

The recordings from last year's lightning talks can be found here: [Saturday](https://youtu.be/BmWLhVMWC9I), [Sunday](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNkbmu4e3MA). Even more videos are [available at this link](https://www.youtube.com/user/PyConAU/search?query=lightning)

### How do I apply?

We will be taking submissions in two groups: **first time speakers** and **experienced speakers**. If you have given a talk at a conference before, lightning or 30-minute, you're an experienced speaker. 

To apply, write your details on one of the cards at registration, and include: 

 * Your name
 * Your email
 * The name of your talk

>  * The TLDR of your talk. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * The TL;DR of your talk. 
```

> The TLDR is important. Your talk will be announced with your _name_ and _title_ only. We want the TLDR to be exactly what your talk will be about. We want the spoiler, the prestiege, the summary. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TL;DR is important. Your talk will be announced with your _name_ and _title_ only. We want the TL;DR to be exactly what your talk will be about. We want the spoiler, the prestige, the summary. 
```

There will be two boxes at registration, clearly marked for the two groups. Place your card in the box for your group to submit a talk.

> For each day, we will accept submissions at registration until **10:30am** (end of morning tea), and announce results at **12:20pm** (start of lunch)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each day, we will accept submissions at registration until **10:30am** (end of morning tea), and you'll be notified at **12:20pm** (start of lunch) via your given email address if you're on the lineup for that afternoon.
```

> We can only accept so many talks, and any submissions left over from Saturday will **not** roll over int Sunday. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can only accept so many talks, and any submissions left over from Saturday will **not** roll over into Sunday. 
```
